Hey,
6000.
He moves on to lane.
And of three overs, the score is 39,
going at a rate of 13 per over.
Promod
who's had a decent in the first over
giving nine runs.
A cheeky shot.
A wicket goes down. Promote breaks the
partnership. All important partnership
with this harsh
with an individual score of 17 goes
down.
brother Allah
promote
39 fourth over in progress.
Boulder. Oh, that's brilliant bowling.
Promote picking up his third wicket.
Very good bowling. He's pulled things
back in this over
after three overs of 39 runs. Three
dotted deliveries and a wicket in this
over too.
Couple of wickets.
So promote pulling his team back. 39
for three. All three wickets for
promote.
Another good delivery.
Four dotted deliveries in this over
39 runs, three wickets
from all 1.4 overs, nine runs, three
wickets. He's been brilliant.
or what a over. This is a double wicket
maiden
in a five over match. A maiden over with
two wickets. That's gold man.
Brilliant bowling for promote. Two
overs, one made in nine runs and three
wickets. With this over, the things have
been pulled back
by basket option.
And our four overs
39 last over
in there.
Will that be a
That's very good running. Two more runs
added to the tour.
Now the set gater Daniel on strike a
individual of 21 runs.
No for field restrictions.
As you know the field restrictions there
has to be four inside the circle.
That's a costly mistake.
For eight baller
it counts for a chari
basket option. going to pull this back.
The last nine balls, the bowling it
well. The score moves to 42.
A fumble in the field
but resulting just in a single. With
this the score moves to 43. Fifth over
in progress. 43 for three.
Couple of deliveries left. 43 runs.
Nit on striker.
That's off the outer edge.
A single 44. Last ball of the innings
coming up.
Daniel
Akshai Singh to face the last one.
A behavior but that just off the edge.
Will there be a couple of runs?
Notice it results in a run out. But this
they end the innings of 45 runs for four
wickets. A target of 46 for basket
option.
46.
attack of 46 for basket option. I would
request uh
Pascar to please uh get onto the field.
Please do cooperate with us. We are
running short of time. I would request
the fielding team to please get on to
the field. Likewise, I would request the
two batters to please get onto the
field, too. We're already running short
of time.
I would request the two captains for the
next match, Shai and Futterist to please
uh come for the toss.
step.
We'll just hold for 2 minutes. There is
an opening ceremony that's happening. So
requesting you all to please assemble
near the main stage.
Abdul
Basket options are out for batting now.
Chasing the target of 46 runs
will be a bit easy looking right at the
perceptions. But again, it matters how
the second innings goes on because we've
seen a single baller pick three wickets
and turn around the match. So
some beautiful and good deliveries.
Two batsman's Israel are and promote GD.
The baller will be Moan.
Moan, can he shine with the ball now?
Let's see for what's going to happen.
Chasing a target of 46
moan balling to Israel.
will be an easy settled single to start
and a slight
misfield over there. You cannot say that
to be misfield around
but yet not costly just giving up a
single.
That was a pretty decent cool start to
the first ball.
>> Here they go towards the off side. That
beats the fielder.
Restricts it again to one more single.
asked everybody
in the air. [screaming]
Long gone coming underneath it. Just
standing few meters away from the ball.
[snorts]
Unfortunately, he loses the chance. It
was long time in the air.
Nonetheless, this feeling team is
energized here.
Yet again, they're energized. I say with
only a single to put in
lot of energy. Lot of energy in the
field. That is what you get when you
have some pretty decent score in the
first innings.
That was a fuller delivery to just give
a single.
That's again a good delivery but just
down the offside. So that will be given
wide by the umpire. An extra run over
there.
Again
the length is good this time. Line two
wide. So by the end of first over team
score is six.
Second over to be bowled by Horsesh.
Six runs in the first over
in the air towards the longoff
decent towards the longer fielder will
be a single run
>> 1.1 overs.
in the air towards left side. No filler
in the deep that has to go alone but a
pretty
slow field yet that gives a boundary for
it.
>> Be ready for a toss.
>> Match number two. Futurist can savvy
captains be ready for the toss.
Good good sport being picked towards the
square line and that will be a boundary.
Four runs added
beautifully.
31 required in 21. Now somewhere with
the two boundaries they've just
lightened up that required run rate now.
>> Beautiful. They've just planned it and
executing in the middle overs.
Good balling. Good balling. That's a
comeback delivery that you expect.
>> A pretty good single. He was well
planned for it. Takes it and puts it in
his bucket.
>> Last ball to ball.
>> Photographer, cameraman,
near the stage.
>> Near the stage, please come.
It's an appeal.
Find of two overs team score will be 16
for zero. Two overs have got eight runs
per over. So equation is very simple. 30
runs of 18 deliveries.
10 per over required. They're going
pretty decent. Promote has taken to one
reason. Just reduce some pressure. But
there's still a lot to go. Some game
changing over is expected
from
team Pascers.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Let's wait and watch. Will this be a
gamechanging over? I mean, again, it's
pretty important over. It's third over.
It's the mid over of the innings.
I mean batsman chasing the ball again
towards the left side but again umpire
signals it to be wide. Next run
towards the left side. He punches it to
rightly towards the boundary for it
beautifully.
So captains are here for futurist and
savvy. From futurist we have Mr. John
and from Sevi we have Klaya. Mr. Klaya
is there. So we are ready for the toss
for the second match.
Yet again a wide signal from the umpire.
This will be costly. Runs kept flowing
since those two boundaries. So futurist
has won the toss and elected to bat
first.
Come on guys, show some energy outside
the field also.
Such a nice weather today.
>> Will be signal wide and run in between
as well
>> for next match. Futurist and savvy
please be ready with your teams.
Captains
doing very good.
this this
will not come
>> yet again towards the next side. A wide
signal from the umpire runs the flowing.
I said they're slowly snatching away
what was required for basket options. 21
of 17. A difference of foreign have come
towards the ball.
Sun rightly pitching into the stadium.
That's what you expect
that
>> for a brighter day.
>> Long day. Long day today.
Quick single. Quick single.
>> Team futurist.
Please come for a group photo.
>> We have to just wait and watch what's
going to happen right now. I said this
is an important over.
>> Team futurist and team savvy. Please
gather for a team picture.
>> Excellent comeback delivery. That's an
excellent comeback delivery. You expect
after those pretty whites
running between the wickets. You still
kept up that temperament for bowling
with that beautiful delivery.
>> 20 runs of 15 deliveries
again. He bounced that wide. That's
torturing team Pascal right now.
>> Playing 11 for future can savvy. Please
gather for the team picture.
>> Yeah, change the length. You are missing
by inches and landing on the wide.
Beautiful [screaming]
shot that will be for the day. But again
in the end you have the production over
there for long. Beautiful fielding. That
man literally stood like a wall and he
knew
that his is attack.
Uh team f
beautiful excellent delivery once again
>> team futurist
team futurist please come near the stage
please come near the stage sorry
last ball pending 18 runs of Delburies.
Last ball.
2840.
Almost filler. That was wide signal from
the umpire. 29 for zero.
Somehow again basket options have got
that on the scoreboard.
The required run rate is just matching
as per what was required in the last
over
yet again.
Basket full of whites
and basket team will just take them with
lot of smile
towards select side. Lot of whites.
>> Team futurist. Everyone is here.
>> Playing.
Let's wait and watch
for that one delivery again in the air.
And he misses the chance.
Forens boundary
for boundary and you add 34 to your
scoreboard. Three overs 34 for zero.
Eight wides in this over and that's
something that you don't expect in the
middle overs especially third over.
>> 12 runs required in 12 volts. Looking
pretty decent right now.
drinks are served.
Come by on the ground.
>> 12 runs required in 12 deliveries.
M'am.
>> Excellent. Starting off the wide.
Exactly what basket options are looking
for. Without an effort, just grabbing
away the team.
>> Team savvy.
Please come for a team picture.
11 of 11.
>> A couple of runs added. Very good
running between the wickets. With this,
the score moves to 37. required a nine
runs of 10 deliveries.
Monte by
chess sir. Montek where are you?
Another big game onto the leg stamp into
the square leg region. A fumble a
misfield. What a crucial four runs. This
is going to be basket option. Four more
runs added to the score. With this, the
score moves to 41.
Five required. Abdul sir,
>> nine balls, five runs.
Abdul sir,
>> please come near the stage.
Mohan
five,
eight balls, five runs
from
the air.
Oh, he puts it down.
It puts it down. The fielding has been
very very costly for them. Two more runs
added to the score. With this, the score
moves to 43. Promoter who picked up
three wickets doing it with a partner.
43 runs
required three.
One hit away.
Another misfield
that's been the story for the entire
innings with this uh basket option
seal victory and it's a complete
dominating performance from promote 28
of the bat and three wickets.
Undoubtedly the man of the match promote
basket option win their first match.
>> [laughter]
>> Next, next come
>> next team come on the field please.
The next match is between Savi and Futto
Risk. I would request both the teams to
please get on to the field. We're
running short of time. I would request
both the teams to please do cooperate
with us.
Lot many matches. 19 more today. I think
that's way too many matches for the day.
So everybody please sir do help with us.
Team savvy please be ready with your
team
>> on the field. On the field please.
Running short of time
>> batsman. Batsman from futurist.
Congratulations team basket option for
winning the first match. Hard luck
Pascar.
We will fight back. guy. No.
Team pass and basket option.
You have to add it in the
T- mad new.
Team Savvy, are you guys ready?
Here's
Team futurist batsman.
Batsman ready.
All right. Good.
Come on team futurist batsman on the
field [screaming]
team savvy be ready
is starting shortly
organized First, we need the ball.
Umpires are waiting for the ball.
We need the new ball.
Notice
you
She getting
started.
Once it gets to second
start calling
Second, seconders
will happen right after this.
delayed. Go once we have to clear this
and then we have to go
to okay
then this match will happen at 10:00
loser is loser third match
Winner.
Hope all the teams are ready. Both the
teams are ready. Batsmen, team savvy,
hurry up, please.
Umpires, we can start the game, right?
Teams
here
update.
Hi plumber. Toyota. Toyota.
Teams be ready. We are starting in
another 2 minutes.
Thank you.
Field is set for the second match. It's
between team savvy and team futurist.
I think
Subscribe to channel.
to put
starting the second match between Team
Savvy and Team Futurist.
First delivery coming up. [snorts]
Excellent delivery to start with the
first ball.
Team Savvy versus Futurist.
towards the off side. Oh, that's a small
misfill from Labaler.
Quick single added.
Savvy. Team Savvy has won the toss and
they've opted to field first.
Futurist
batting in the first.
Oh, that's again it must fail towards
the offside but had the production right
over there and struggling for the
second.
Resting it for a single.
They opened their accounts for the
batsmen.
Here he go towards the offside again. It
must fail from the fielder. Outfield
will be slow. Somebody has to chase. And
again the ball stops itself.
Not allowing it to go to the boundary.
again
trying to lift it towards the offside.
Wide signal from the umpire.
in the air. [screaming]
Longo fielder rightly coming. Oh my
goodness,
what an excellent catch. That is
unbelievable. He was completely
misjudging it but rightly get it gets it
in his right hand. What a catch in the
long loft.
Beautiful. Excellent in the end to grab
that one.
The last wicket is John have scored
three runs who's looking quite
comfortable to have that lofted towards
the offside. Has to lose that wicket
unfortunately.
Wishinat the new batsman.
Last ball of the over. That was a late
cut towards the offside. Quick single
taken.
First over completed by end of first.
Over
first team score is 641.
Good shot straight towards and that will
be the welcome boundary.
Vishwinat opens it with the first
boundary for team Futurist. Futurist
roll energized in the dick out. The team
that has never taken their seats since
morning.
Oh [screaming]
my goodness, that's a shocker. What a
way to lose the ticket right now.
And Kallaya comes back with his second
delivery.
Magnificent. That was slightly pledged
in front of the wickets and cleans the
stumps over there.
Beautiful
10 for two.
Shocker for team Futurisk right off the
boundary.
The next batsman is Arvind.
Somebody has to stay home. They lost
their two wickets. It's just 1.2 over
eight balls being bled in innings.
Beautiful. That's really beautiful.
After that first boundary, KA decides,
let me go with some yoga lens and triple
the batchments. Right now,
for now, we just got to clear this over
for future.
This was a fuller and the fielder trying
to restricting it with oh the chasing
round
running it for the third one and they
get it successfully. Good running
between the wickets. That's beautiful.
Almost the point fielder
goes towards recovers chasing it for the
ball
in the air and point fielder swirls
towards the ball chasing for it.
Beautiful. Beautiful. That's good
fielding. That's pretty good fielding.
And when you are in point, it's to be
mindful that the ball will turn or swirl
around.
Last ball of the over. They got their 15
runs
straightly towards the bat and oh
the fielder was quite comfortable in
carrying the ball but again to land it
to the wicket keeper he quite struggled
fumbling it over there.
Shot third man getting in that action
by end of two team score 1642
comfortable
take
we saw 46 being chased comfortably.
So if you just keep that as an average
score, you will somewhere have to land
up around 55 to 60 if you want to be in
the safe zone.
Currently they're scoring eight per
over.
Here we go with the third over. 16 for
two.
down the off side.
Wide signal from the umpire.
An extra run
towards the offside. Cuts it. Oh,
excellent fielding. Excellent fielding.
He was almost there to restrict and
unfortunately had to give that extra run
and fielder will definitely be
unsatisfied with it. The advantage goes
to futurist team.
Good running between the wickets since
the ball one. They've never left any
chances.
The appeal was for the out
and wicket keeper wasn't much interested
towards it.
Excellent. What a placement that was to
bring the boundary towards the third
man. The energized futurist team is
still rocking it.
Even after the loss of two wickets,
they've never kept that down. They've
been going putting and gain that
boundary.
And there's a doggy.
There was two feers over there.
The the the the dog just ran away.
He's just going towards the third man.
And now the third one is put backwards
outside the 30 yard circle. And again he
tries to score the same region.
Last ball into the attack.
He scores it towards the offside. They
have that protection right over there.
And just a single going in for the
double. Gets it quite comfortably.
Good running between the gates again.
Third over completed. 26 for two.
Team score is 26 for two.
End to point
square.
Two beautiful runs added.
Team Futurist
single added.
One more instructions to everybody in
the ground. Do not throw any kind of
waste here and there. Please use the
dust bins. The dust bins are installed
very near you. If you just have a look
at them, you will find the one near you.
And please use the dust bins for any
wastes, the water bottles, the plastics,
and then spoons, whatever.
Dana cycle.
towards left side. Short third man
action
just to experiment the luck or the
comfortability.
somewhere comfortable.
Take off
conceding a single
strike. Swami again we are at the
situation somebody has to shine out.
extra
yellow
Hello. Hello.
Four. Team score is 36 for two.
4 over 36 for two.
Perry Swami has to do something. 11
balls, 19 runs.
Last over. Who's going to ball that?
So
important.
You have no choice.
You can dance around for every single
delivery
over Sanjay.
Strike
future.
Excellent.
Almost.
Beautiful toss though. [screaming]
No ball.
No ball signal. And that will be a free
hit for the next delivery.
A very fruitful delivery in front of you
right in the important stage of the
innings.
Strike nali parasami.
Strike nalasami.
Futurist
exactly what futurist were looking for
them. 4342
they've crossed that 40 line
over there and tough to chase. Slow
field will somewhat restrict the ball.
Good running between the wickets. 45
five short of 50. Four balls remaining.
Beautiful, beautiful energy from the
dugout again from Futurist Keem.
Excellent towards the left side.
Quick single.
Restricting it for the single.
down the leg side. Wide runs. Every
single run is being cheered by futurist
team.
Last three balls
yet again. Last over turning out to be
costly.
Signaling it in the wide
chal.
The long fielder
towards the leg side.
You've got the lucky batsman.
26 of 14 deliveries. He scored two
boundaries. Can he score another two?
Oh, the man cut.
The man cut is there.
Okay.
Okay. No one cut
towards select side.
Two runs added.
First team to cross the 50. First team
futurist
they have that 50 on the board. 51 for
two.
Majority from the Perryasami. Last ball.
Yes
towards the leg side on the back and a
single run. 52 for two. 53 will be the
target.
Team Savvy
End of first innings.
Fantastic batting by team futurist.
Right.
50.
55.
Express.
We are ready for the next innings. Team
futurist come on the field.
Batsmen be ready. Team savvy.
They're starting in 2 minutes. Come on,
guys.
Post this match. Third match will be
played between the losers of the first
two matches. Pascal team be ready for
the next match.
Yes.
Basket. Basket.
problem.
>> I thought I
unfortunately
Sh run fast. Come on.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
>> I would request uh the fielding team to
please get onto the ground.
I would request a few
futurist team to please get onto the
field. We running short of time sir.
Please do cooperate with us. Lot many
matches. 18 more today.
A target of 53 runs sir. Five overs. 53
runs.
Two umpires waiting for you sir. Please
the both the batters are there. So dude
please do cooperate with us.
Savvi 53 runs five overs. Team futurist
is ready.
Team futurisk is ready. Batsman ready.
We are starting with the second innings
guys.
Futurist
52 for two.
Start the producing proceedings. It's
Ram on strike. Non-strike Vishall
53.
Second innings we are starting guys.
Your match
>> 53
Ram Vishal Wishad is the bowler.
Tiger 53 runs 30 first two overs
mandatory power play.
It starts off with a daughter delivery.
A good starter.
Futurist
Savvi
second match
ICICI Lombardada Brokers Premier League
2025.
Why ball? That's the opening runs in
form of extras. First one on the board.
Score moves to one.
Bit over the wing cover region.
One bounce.
into the boundary for answers.
The score moves to five.
53 runs target. A shorted form at five
overs.
Quick runs is the need of the hour.
Five for no loss.
Another
hit.
Oh, what a good catch. This is brilliant
catch.
After some sloppy fielding from the
start of the day, this has been a
brilliant catch.
What a good catch. This is
a wicket down.
Ram departs
for a very good catch. Beautiful
[laughter]
catch.
A very good catch over this. The first
wicket down. Ram departs.
The new batter Run.
Five for one.
That's of the outer edge
to the fine leg region.
Couple of runs added to the total. With
this the score moves to seven.
First award in progress. Sir,
seven runs.
One more run added his total. There's
the score. Mush eight.
Arun Kumar Vishnil. The two batters.
Tucked on to the next side of a quick
single with this the end of first over.
The score moves to nine for the loss of
one wicket.
One over nine runs one wicket.
Both the teams will be happy with the
start here. Nine on board and a wicket
lost.
required of 44 in four.
A required rate of uh
11 per hour
44 runs.
concept winners winners losers come
after that it's your
Very good running between the wickets
sir. Two quick runs. Couple more added
with this. The score moves to 1.1 overs.
11 for one. 11 one one.
A very good shot.
Above four runs.
camera
for
15.
Another
quick single to the color region is
playing it smart here. Roishal after a
boundary doing the basics of getting a
single but the score moves to 16.
>> Do or die. Do
>> or die.
>> Hello.
>> Second over in progress. 16 runs.
both [laughter]
and they will also
>> another good shot
equally well fielded just a single
17 second over in progress. Couple of
deliveries left. 17 runs.
Quick feeding.
One for run.
Batsman there doing the umpire's job
too. He gave his own decision of not out
over number two in progress 18.
One delivery
going at a rate of nine per over
require rate of 11.
That's of the outer edge.
Vela wicket number two goes down. Arun
Kumar back into the pavilion.
Over number two 18 for two.
I think with the first two overs
Dhan Shikar the next batter
Fris could be the happier side after the
first two overs they've given away 18
and picked up two vital wickets
both the bowlers giving nine runs each
and picking up a crucial wicket
and Ili Marl
This is really here.
1835.
Now the required rate has picked up.
It's almost 12 runs per over.
11.66 to be more precise.
Oh, put it down.
That was a difficult one.
is put it down. I think that's been the
seventh or eighth from the morning.
Very good running between the wickets.
Two more runs added. Quick running
for some smart running.
Two more runs.
Danosi Kora.
21. Over. Number three in progress.
Well
trying to sweep the ball is completely
beaten.
Val the set batter watching it in from
the non- striker end giving some tips to
the batter over number three 21.
Another swing onto the next side.
Another daughter
bowling it very smart. Fourth over in
progress. Sorry, four balls of third
over in progress. 21 for two
another.
[screaming]
No runs as there's no leg buys in this
tournament. All the effort of running
two runs goes for a waste. No leg buys.
So nothing of this another daughter
delivery. All the effort we shall put
goes for a vein.
Another
single.
A brilliant over.
Score moves to 22.
Just four of this over. Arinda
does what this team exactly needs.
Bold a brilliant over just for four
runs. End of three overs. The score is
22 for two. Required 31 in 12.
I would request for please uh go on with
the proceedings.
Please speed up the process. We're
running short of time. Please do
cooperate with us.
Over
number four.
a swinger but of the leading edge just a
single
Mons
30 runs
that's quite a task
Big hits the need of the Arno.
Couple of runs added cheeky batting from
Valatches
24 hours.
>> Hello
A brilliant shot. Four more runs added
to the total. Oh, all the extra
coverage. Vishal the lone batter doing
this for his team is the man if this has
to be chased. Couple of runs the
previous ball and a brilliant boundary
in this. Six more runs to addit.
29.
>> Another head,
couple of runs added. It's very
important for Visal to take the strike.
22 of 8
still getable.
Will this be a couple of runs? No, they
settle for the single.
But this last ball of the over
21. A very crucial ball. Genesis
21.
Two runs uh [screaming]
couple of runs added to the score. 19
record of the last over which run strike
six balls 19 runs. The equation is
simple.
Biggest needed.
I would request the Pascal team to be
prepared for the next match. I would
request the entire team be ready
in a minute or so. Be ready for your
next match.
Pascar
team Pascar
Pas team please be ready for your next
match.
Six balls, 19 runs.
Oh, that's a wicket catcher.
Bold visual departs.
The one who was doing the bulk of the
scoring departs.
Arin the main bowler was just given the
fore hands and picked up a crucial
wicket with this the match lightly
balancing towards Next.
Okay. Next.
Six ball. 36.
Impossible.
Unless
just a single
with this. Oh, the equation comes to 18
and four. Three wickets or a couple of
dot deliveries.
Pascar team captain team pass captain
just a single Arund is bowling
brilliantly for his team
17 and three.
This ball should literally
seal the game.
>> Three deliveries.
17 runs
deliver.
So couple of legal deliveries left. 17
required.
photo
future risk.
Another single
with this one ball,
>> one ball, 16 runs. Another
toy.
Futurist win this by 15 runs. Futurist
has won the match. Guys,
I would request captain from Savvi and
uh Pascal to please come for the toss.
Pascal team captain. He's already here
near the commentator's desk. I would
request a
savvi captain.
Third match will be played between the
losers of the first two matches. Team
savvi captain and team
vasi
for third match.
Basket team captain pushamither
either.
We are ready for the third match.
Need the captains on the field for the
toss.
So, Pascar has won the toss and choose
to bowl first.
Come on team Pascar and team Savvy.
Your chance to be in the game.
Call your team.
Shar
pra from Modisa. Where are you?
>> So this third match will be between team
Pascar and team Sevi. Guys, it will be a
three overs match.
Hello. Hello. Both the teams. Hello.
This will be a three overs match. Play
accordingly.
Team Savvy batsman already on the field.
Team Pascar,
please set the field.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
It's a winner of the
way
already.
DPAD.
box.
Don't tell me.
The next match will be between Pascar
and Savvi.
Both the teams are ready. Umpires are on
the field already.
Like this.
Hello.
>> Excellent delivery to start with.
>> Beautiful. Both teams will be fighting
for their spot now.
Savvy has won the toss and they've
chosen to bat first.
No runan end that delivery
towards left side.
One run short.
One run each and
Welcome.
The first welcome for team savvy.
They have to score somewhere 50 60.
Okay. Three hours matchinda somewhere
around 40 at least.
signal.
Sorry.
Please
first team score is 840.
Okay
guys, those who haven't done breakfast,
the counter is getting closed.
Guys, we haven't done breakfast. Please
come for breakfast. We are closing.
11:00 we are closing.
>> First over team score is 840.
One single added
sir
12:30 12:50
towards your side. Ali
Ramal betting on Arur though.
Towards the offside.
Excellent balling though. Towards the
offside. Impressive bowling. Moinda.
Chandu towards the right side over and
straight away coming to the action.
Swalpa Ali throw.
Oh,
again. Good balling somewhere.
Excellent. Good balling. They're
cheering for that. Good ball.
Very impressive.
Oh, overrow. I mean somewhere around
straight away towards the field.
Excellent.
And Vishal has to depart.
Innings
over
two over team score is 11 for
Savvy.
Excellent delivery to start with. Oh,
excellent delivery. Excellent.
How they are hunda we have the quality
umpires on the field no doubt on that
excellent pure catch basket
yet another wicket team sav is in
trouble. No doubt on that.
Team Pascar are straightly
marching in towards that spot. But
again, second innings are still left
over.
>> [laughter]
>> probably
and good throw. Good throw. Good throw.
resting it into the
two runs.
Two new batsman Salman Hagu Dhanari
bowler calls for it but never gets it.
resting it to the single. Excellent.
That's some quality from passing.
Beautiful.
That is not any wide and they have to
walk off. 15 runs. Target of 15 runs.
>> Superb come back by team Pascar.
For next match, I would like to request
team futurist and team basket option
captains, please be available on the
field
for the toss.
Is that a future color?
That's kind of bad.
a target of 15 runs. Uh
Pascar,
I would request the Pascar batters to
please get onto the field. We are
running short of time. Please do
cooperate with us.
15 is the target. Three overs team
basket option. Captain, please comfort
us.
>> Pasc a target of 15 runs. Sir Abdul sir
>> the first half they've done brilliantly
just giving away 14
tiger of 15 five runs per over coin coin
coin coin
couple of bigots is all required
second innings in progress 15 target.
Let's begin.
Heads is the call.
Futurist has won the toss.
[crying]
They have opted to bat first.
Couple of runs.
>> Hush who played a very good knocker in
his first match.
Two runs.
Two runs added to the total.
We move to the back and long region. Uh
that's a boundary. Four hands.
Six on board
and two more hits is all required for
Pascal.
They played some brilliant bowling.
Very good bowling. Equally backed up by
their batting.
trying for a big heave.
Oh, miss field. Hardly any runs on board
for Savvi. The fielding has to back them
up, but they aren't doing it.
First in progress. The score moves on to
seven.
of an edge. Another one.
Eight.
>> First over. Eight runs
in the air. [screaming]
>> Oh, that's a catcher.
over down.
Hush departs
trying to up the ante trying to build
hit a big one. He departs 841.
Now the next match
futurist
versus uh basket option
futurist task and electing to bat first
into the country region for more
but the score moves to 12 and the first
over
required three in two overs.
Short runs into first over
stretching.
White ball
over this. Uh just two more runs
required.
Two runs
in the air.
>> Oh, that's a wicket catch. Another
wicket goes down.
Moan
departs.
Manjunath takes the catch.
Two required.
11 balls, two runs.
I would request
the next two teams basket option and
futurist to be ready. Basket option
please get ready to field
after this match. is starting
immediately. Two more runs required.
Wicket was just single
strike out.
>> One more wicket goes down.
One more wicket goes down. That's a
wicket.
13 for three.
Two runs required.
Two runs.
Nine balls. Two runs.
Another
delivery.
Nicholas Barwick.
Another to delivery.
Just one of this over. Last ball
remaining.
Pascal required. Two runs.
Will that go to the wire? Will the last
over be crucial?
in the air.
>> Will this fall shot?
Come on, boys.
Run out.
>> Only one run.
So, require one of the final over.
Si making a match out of it. Required
one of six deliveries.
[laughter]
Six balls, one run
to six balls, one run.
water. Six balls, one run.
Dr. Jilli,
>> five balls, one run.
Pascal making a match out of it.
Some added pressure now.
W [screaming]
finally seals the deal for Pascar. They
win this
future.
>> Sami lose their second match.
>> Pascal winning this bike. Teams for
match four.
>> Teams for match four. Futurist and
basket option.
>> Please be ready. Batsman from Futurist.
Good play. Good play. Good play, guys.
[applause]
Losers game.
out of the league.
Well played. Well played.
We are waiting for the umpires to come.
Interesting.
>> Batsman, please come on the ground.
>> Yet again, the energized futurist team.
This will be a five over match.
>> Five. Five over match.
Team Pascar, next match will be yours.
Team Pascar.
Shta Praharaj from Odisa. Where are you?
We all set for the next match. Fire
match.
Futurist team batting first.
John on strike.
>> [screaming]
>> stand
future Linda
snatch the loser or pass.
Excellent delivery side
to future.
towards the offside.
futurist.
Maiden
over
wicket. Excellent. over.
These are not.
These are not
single and the first runs have come that
is government runs
free run
and the runs have come from the right
boundary
swami hagish
No doubt quality batsman.
effort.
Ball was already
into the fence.
>> Second boundary for Kara Swami. Very
well. Very well.
Yo.
Okay.
Baller
empty.
Because he
tasty
once again.
Not
they have to take it bit slow on
after two forces they've lost that
wicket.
Again,
wide signal from the umpire.
No ball. Straight away.
No ball signal.
Good delivery. Good delivery. Excellent.
Come back.
Wind of two. Team score is 1242.
Yes.
>> Hold on.
Quick single
and hit. Photographer. Photographer.
Photographer.
cameraman some photos for ICSL on board
also. [laughter]
>> Quick single over there and a small
distance of feeling quick.
Beautiful.
2.3 over 15 for two.
Why
another extra run? Futurist will be
happy to take those runs.
Hello.
Quick single.
Okay.
You had breakfast.
You had
Bind of three over team score is 17 for
two.
Okay, they're exchanging the batsman.
They exchange the batsman.
And
unfortunately this time
we will be tired better.
>> You have to deviate others. Okay.
Concentration. That's your role. Okay.
Two new batsman suggests
Harvand and Brahma
and so for Mr.
That will be a bit costly
and they're very comfortable with that.
by
24.
Concussion check.
Huh?
Clear.
I don't want
I think they are added to their
Maybe application.
You can change the camera. You can
replace. No, no. Let him play.
You are not
Garnet.
Get this for me.
Super
Futurist team,
you can replace the player.
We're running short of time. Please.
Come on guys. Back on field please.
My toilet
Excellent.
Batsman is back.
He's
from
>> towards the left side and excellent. ly
moving boundary sir. Future team dug out
right side.
>> Come on guys. Come on.
Last ball into the action. They've got
that boundary right now. And pit charged
up with that.
>> Good ball.
Wind of four or steam score is 25 for
four.
Start
four team score is 25 for4.
Quick single
>> just to ring Brahma on strike.
Come on loit.
>> Quick single. Quick single. Yep.
Sorry. Yes.
Oh,
>> excellent.
>> Once again,
great ball. Great ball.
But
last ball into the attack.
Here we go.
You have to keep running. Comfortable.
29 30 runs will be the target.
Basket thunder
>> 27
>> basket option have 30 runs of
>> target w for basket options is 28 runs
great going
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
Mascar option. Please send your opening
batsman.
Future is setting.
Future is on the ground. Last questions.
Come on.
Basket.
>> Yeah. Come on. Come on.
Hello. Hello.
What's up?
A target of 30 runs for basket option.
[laughter]
The bowling has come really well.
They've just given 29 runs. A target of
30 in five overs. Can Arvindan team pull
this back?
>> Future risk.
30 five overs.
>> Hello. Hello.
Wishbath.
>> Oh, what a good catch. This is
This is the need of the R for them.
Their fielding has to come good to
defend this target.
Excellent catch. This
>> first wicket goes down.
>> Shini was taking a brilliant catch.
One down but nothing on board.
One wicket town
lo
the new batter for basket option
but their main stay promoter the man of
the match all round performance is still
on striker
on earth
onto the left side.
equally well feeded. Couple of runs,
two runs.
Oh, this the score moves on to two.
Bound three. Four runs.
Four runs.
>> Is coming.
>> [laughter]
>> Wow.
I hope
you know
And your first over the score is six for
the loss of one wicket.
Four overs
are required rate of
Good morning.
Team Pascar. Team Pascar, be ready for
your next match. Show some energy.
>> Oh, end of first over
a big catch. Catch catch catch catch.
>> Will that carry over the fence?
That's a bang one a straight hit
as usual promote
doing what is he bart scoring some quick
runs with this boundary the score moves
to 10 runs
A good hit.
Another boundary to the waking cover
region. Four more runs.
Four more run answer
from
>> going on a strike rate of 400.
>> Another good hit but equally well
fielded.
One more to the total versus this. The
score moves to 15
or required 15 of 21.
with the group start.
Another good shot swept across. Will
that be a boundary? Yes, it is. Four
more runs. A very good shot from Loith.
He joins the party now. Couple of
boundaries to his name, too. With this,
the score moves to 19.
Another
sweeper miss. End of two overs. 19 runs.
A target of 11 from 18.
End
>> of two overs. 19 runs.
or village.
>> Now the most crucial bowler Aenda
to promote
a very good battle.
tried to switch it but couldn't make a
well contact of the ball. Just a single
run for this. The score moves to 20.
No, no, no. We'll find some other
we'll find some other
>> in the air.
Oh, falling short of the fielder.
Finally a good save but two more runs
and
23 on board
required seven runs.
One more total 24.
>> Third over in progress.
>> Both these batters uh putting up a very
good partnership.
A cheeky shot to the leg side.
Another single.
Scoreboard. Scoreboard.
Scoreboard.
2.5 25
>> in the air. [screaming]
Oh, wicket goes downh.
Promote departs trying to go for the big
monty
takes up a fine catcher
where this promote departs for a
well-made 13 of just seven deliveries
three overs
25 runs
required
Five.
Mhm.
trying for a switch it
>> completely missing it. 11 balls, five
runs.
The match uh
is heavily balanced in favor of a basket
option.
in the air.
Oh, falling short of the wicket keeper
there.
>> One more.
Double grip.
Another single.
The next match is between uh Pascar.
Please uh be ready.
Pascar captain please ready for be ready
for the toss.
Pasc team captain come for tossage.
>> Near the stage.
>> Another sweeper.
A couple more added
with this. The scores have been tied.
>> Basket option
required. Just one run to get into the
quarterfinals.
One required.
Well, this run uh basket options uh with
a clinical performance uh get into the
quarterfinal. They're the first team to
qualify.
>> Basket option. So, we have our first
quarter finalist basket option.
Well, everyone
basket option.
Futurist captain come for us. We'll have
an option. Mr. John
Pasc is going to play. Futurist. I would
request both the captains to please come
for the toss.
So we have captains from futurist team
and pass warriors
ready for the toss.
Abdul is there.
Tails is the call.
Heads it is. Future is has won the toss.
We have oped for bat first.
Pass warriors come on the field.
Batting team batsmen
make it quick please.
running.
Lunch. Lunch ready. Sandwich. Sandwich.
Start.
Guys, please clear off the field. Next
match will begin shortly.
You don't know.
[laughter]
Everyone,
lunch is at 12:30.
Basket option team, please have lunch
and go,
sir. The overs for this match, sir.
Three over match. It will be a
three-over match.
>> Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Three over match.
>> Futurist team, your batsman please.
So this is the last match for group A.
It will be between Futurist and Pascare
Warriors.
>> Whoever team wins will qualify for
quarterfinals.
>> Need your aame, boys. Media a game.
Check. Check.
I would like to request the team members
of Plum Stars and Toyota Titans to
gather near the stage for a group
picture.
Plum Stars and Toyota Titans.
We are starting with the final match for
group A.
Spascare warriors and futurist. Whoever
will win will qualify for quarterfinals.
And the first ball goes to wicket.
Excellent start for the innings.
Beautiful start to the innings and the
first downfall for future team.
Unfortunately had to lose that wicket.
There was lot of fumble from the five
fielder right in the end
took that
uh plum team captain and Toyota Titans
captain comfort us please.
This match will decide the second team
that will be qualified for
quarterfinals.
Will it be Pascar or Futurist?
Quick single.
Yeah.
Shots
expected.
Quick single.
Beautiful energy.
Excellent.
First team score is three for one
team. Again, they have to keep up their
energy high.
Captain Toyota Titans, please come fast.
You got to keep that momentum going.
Again, it depends every single match how
you go through things.
The problem for futurist was no batting
in the last match. Proper batting wasn't
displayed in the last match.
Second over in action.
Tails is the call. Tails it is.
So, Toyota Titans has won the toss and
chose to ball first.
And yet another wicket lost. Downfall of
future risk.
The second wicket is lost. 342
1.1
with high energy. Pascar team is doing X
check. Hello.
Loose bowling.
Ready.
Check.
Check. Check.
again going to left. That's not working
right now in the moment.
442 1.4 4 hours over 442.
And yet another wicket. What's
happening? Future thunder care. They're
completely in the downfall.
1.5 over 443.
last ball of the over. They've lost
three wickets. 443.
Unbelievable for future team.
I will request the plum team to please
add your players on crickets. So, none
of your players have been added. Please
do it. Captain, please take a note of
this. Plum team captain,
please do add your team players
on the cricket heroes app.
Bind of team score is six for three.
It is a complete domination of two overs
from team passers. Come on future
scheme. Keep encouraging. This is when
your team needs the most
when batsman are charging. When they're
in trouble is what your team expects you
to be there.
By end of team two over team score is
643.
And passers are all charged
in the air
towards the fielder. Just a single run.
towards the offside. That exactly how
the first wicket went and it's an
overthrow.
Beautiful cover up. Beautiful cover up
over there.
Excellent. Towards deep
one run.
Well pumped up, energized.
Going good.
Quick single.
They're going in for the second run and
unfortunately the throw wasn't so good.
The baller couldn't collect it and as a
result has taken two runs.
Yeah, there's
Excellent.
Beautiful
moan. It's beautiful balling from Moan.
Pas team, please send your batsmen.
expect
15, 20 days.
Heat.
We are heading for the second innings of
the match.
The final match for group A matches,
league matches.
The next match is between Toyota versus
Plum. I would request both the captains
to please be ready. And Plum captain,
please make a note. You have to add your
players on trick heroes.
Please do take a note of this plum
captain. Wherever your team is,
please raise make
of the marker.
Chasing a many total of just 12 runs.
Back to the bowler. Uh but a slight
fumble results in a run. And will there
be a overthrow? No, it isn't.
Or when the most uh important vital
bowler bowling the very first over here
the power play over
two runs
into the vacant uh point region
who wins the race it's the ball which
wins the race for
The ball wins the race. Whether the
score moves to six of the first over
>> another boundary. Four more runs.
Very good shot. Harsha
making a a merry of this bowling
boundary. Four more runs.
Short catch.
But surprised people
single.
With this uh
Pascal
make an entry to the quarterfinals.
What a story this has been losing the
first match and then going on to win all
their matches.
So we have our second quarterfinalist
that is past care warriors. Everyone
round of applause.
Hard luck futurist
passer
and choose quarterfinals.
Many congratulations to Pasc team for
qualifying to quarterfinals.
Plum stars, your batsman, please.
Toyota Titans, set up your field. We are
starting shortly.
this way.
Okay.
Hello, buddy.
Yeah. All the best.
Yeah. Yeah.
We're waiting for the umpires to come.
We are ready for the next match. It's
between Plum Stars and Toyota Titans.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
Mostly
next.
[clears throat]
A
[laughter]
check.
We have the second group into the action
now.
Two teams qualified from the previous
group and it's time for the next group
to come into action.
That is team Toyota versus Plum
and
Oh,
Lot of drama. Lot of drama.
123.
Excellent delivery.
This will be a tough chance.
And the first wicket goes
plum stars one for one.
Everyone
Good balling in the beginning.
No doubt on that.
Excellent.
Just a single good spirit in the first
Shortendo
towards the offside
boundary.
By the end of first team score 6 for
one.
Come on.
Come on, clam.
towards select side.
scores
almost
but Kim Fuller
Excellent. Beautiful red ball.
Excellent.
Look at that spirit from team Toyota.
Pizza.
One ball to go for second over.
and a four.
Bind of two or seems 12 for one.
discussions happening in Toyota camp
at the end of two hours
>> 12 runs by plum
at the loss of
>> at the loss of one wicket.
So
commencing third over
third over into the action.
Out out
longer fielder short
Great fielding
off fielding obviously
Toyota
14 runs
Gerant Chandu
Almost
shot.
One done.
They're just going comfortable and slow.
Plum star
blocking the view, sir.
>> And straight away into the fence.
Excellent boundary.
Slowly
coming into the track. Shashanka,
>> huh?
>> 28
over.
>> Okay.
quart 8.
Correct.
Last ball to go of third over.
Bind of three overs. Team score is 20
for2 with a loss of two wickets
and three overs.
Plum is 20 runs.
Three overs.
So the score is 20 runs at the loss of
two wickets.
Good.
What?
Huh?
>> So the lunch is ready.
[laughter]
>> Lunch is open.
Guys, lunch is open.
Basin team, you can go for lunch.
[laughter]
Fourth.
>> Fourth over in action. Wind of three
hours. Team score is 242
>> towards the upside and straightly away
from the fielder.
>> Straightly into the wicket keeper. Two
runs added.
Great shot.
Great efforts by Toyota team. Oh,
>> good throw. Good throw.
>> Minimums.
That's a four.
>> Good going.
Last one.
Two balls left
>> of the fourth over.
last.
That's a four.
33.
So at the end of four overs the score is
33 runs.
Last over to go
forward team score is 33 42.
Excellent.
Beautiful.
So both batsman looking comfortable.
Last over into the action. Come on
teams.
Long off. Long catch.
Great catch.
The captains
>> and the captain of plum team steps in.
>> It's a last over.
So the captain steps in for the plum.
Great shot.
towards
the longoff again. Long off field or
tumbra stronger than that. There is no
problem.
Oh,
>> he's running for an overthrow. He hit
the swash.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> That's a crazy
Oh,
unfortunately.
Sometimes cricket witness this 37 runs.
Last over. Three balls to go.
Off.
That's a great mandela.
Lost two deliveries. 12 decent score
but again we are still not ready to
judge this group
in the air [screaming]
and that great goes for
last.
>> So is 42 runs and last ball to go.
4.5 over 4243.
Last ball in action.
Excellent.
>> [screaming]
>> Oh,
wicket keeper chis.
[laughter]
So, Toyota Titans need 44 runs to win.
Who's the password?
Toyota team, please send your opening
batsmen in the ground.
sir. Excuse me.
Plum team is already on the ground.
Toyota team, please send your opening
batsman.
>> [laughter]
>> We waiting for the umpires. The umpires
are there on the ground.
Come on.
Is there
Hello. Hello.
>> [music]
>> All right, guys.
Foreign
speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech.
[music]
[singing]
>> [music]
>> Mind is ready.
Mind team,
let's assemble for this photo shoot.
Mind team
44 runs record
please come near to the stage.
Shash
>> Mahindra team please come near to
stage.
>> Team Mahindra please come on the stage
for photo shoot.
Mahindra
Manua
batsman go
strike
one
straightly towards the bats and
Excellent.
Garando
towards Along and Ali. [screaming]
Oh,
beautiful.
We have to wait for the umpire signal.
six
right now. Toyota is looking very
energetic and
photographer please come here.
Photographer
and opposite end
fortunately
Hello. Check.
Come on plsters
straight away. Full toss.
Galendo towards the left side.
fil
quite decent
team score is 9 for1
35 runs in 24 balls
35 runs required add in 24 deliveries.
Strike Naliga
Shraan
Cho White signal.
Excellent ball
dama.
fuller.
That's a four.
Okay,
that's exactly what was required.
Mahantai. 30 runs required in 22
deliveries.
Oh, great.
That's a four.
I got the thunder kit.
And that's not given any wide
batsman.
One.
Good running between the wickets by
Toyota.
26 runs required in 20 balls.
Toyota is all pumped up.
Beautiful.
23 for one and Manu is completely
striking.
Bind of two team score S23 for one.
Toyota team strategizing in between the
game.
Strategies in place by both the teams.
So the first ball of the Third over.
Here we go.
And they're grabbing that second run.
Good running between the wickets. No
doubt on that. That's a good running
between the wickets by the Toyota.
So, 25 runs at the loss of one wicket by
Toyota.
>> That's a shot
six
raining six
by Toyota batsman
and the score is 31.
13 runs to win from 16 balls.
>> That's a wide
That's a great bowling.
>> 12 runs in 15 balls.
That's a quick single between the
wickets by Toyota.
Drizzle.
>> There's a drizzle in the ground.
That's a great shot.
>> That's a great shot. Oh,
it's a four.
Hard luck for team plum
bind of three team score is 37 for one.
So seven required 12 balls now and
there's a drizzle in the ground.
No, no. Toss.
Oh, that's a balling up in the air.
Oh.
11.
>> Six runs required in 11 balls.
Captains of Mahindra team and proven
team please come for the toss.
That's out. Unfortunate.
Captains of Mahindra team and Brandon
team please come for the toss.
Okay.
Unfortunately,
least that teams
try
towards the mid wicket.
Five runs. Five runs required by the
Twitter team to win the match.
Four runs required. He need balls now.
towards the left side. Forward square.
Oh, great fielding. Excellent fielding.
That's a great fielding.
There's some unexpected showers in the
ground.
Team score is 4242.
Two runs required in six balls.
Two runs required and six deliveries.
And the second run is taken the match
Toyota. Team Toyota.
>> Great team effort by team Toyota.
Check check.
The captains of uh Mahindra team and
proven team please come here for the
toss.
Der
toss toss
toss
toss toss.
Great win by to team Toyota.
Mahindra
Come on.
>> Nice. Well, thank you, sir.
Anyways,
So we are ready for the toss for the
next match.
So prudent Spartans has won the toss and
elected to bowl first.
I would like to request all the team
members for prudent
please come on the field.
Wait.
Team Mahindra. Team Mahindra. Your
batsman. is on the field.
Sir,
please do not.
So, please don't play on the main
wicket. Whatever you're practicing,
please off the square. Thank you so
much. Hope you understand.
All the teams,
>> you can have lunch on the back side of
the stage.
>> I would request the the next two teams
to please get ready. I think we are
running short of time. Organizers,
please take a note of this. The tasks
should happen as soon as possible.
Please don't give a break. Too many
matches today. Hope you all
Mahindra team your batsmen please on the
field.
So organizers please take a note of this
Mahendra team the squad that the players
players have not been added in the
cricket heroes app.
Mahendra team none of your players has
been added in the squad for the cricket
heroes app. Please take a note of this.
Unless and until the players have been
added, we can't do the scoring. The
match cannot start. Team Mahendra,
none of the players have been added.
Go
team.
Okay.
Sir, captain or anyone from Mahendra,
please do make a note of this sir. Sir,
none of your players have been added.
All 11 players have to be added. Sir, we
need all your phone numbers.
Sir, before this the match cannot be
started, sir.
All team captains, please make a note of
this. Your team has to be added on the
cricket app, sir. Before your match,
make sure your team is added on the
cricket app. Please do cooperate with
us. We're running short of time.
That is very vital for the match to
start.
Prudent versus Mahendra. Request
Add addition.
I'm going to put
the
Thank you.
89 500
8.
one
service.
Round
3 94
I double
double
number 36. 451 451 05
89.
Talk to you later.
Okay, next up.
your left
behind.
We are here.
The next match is between Mahendra
versus
Mahendra winning the toss selection into
Batfist.
Group two second match.
Let the game begins.
LED.
Very good fielding throw. That's a good
throw.
They're off the mark with a single.
The two batters
Harshadesh and Jayv
Salinda.
Second ball to go
in the air.
>> Oh, falling agingly short of the
fielder. A very good try.
A very good cricket happening in a
rising ashok cricket ground.
I'm going to
[snorts]
Very
good ballinger.
Great bowling by the prudent team.
Quite a tight bowling by a prudent team.
but nothing from the umpire.
First over score three runs. One more
left in the very first over.
Two more.
>> It's of the outer edge straight to the
third man region. Just a single end of
first over Florence. Very good bowling
from Sim
will be very happy with the bowling
performance.
So with the end of first over score is
four runs
over
Karthik
to start the proceedings. It's Karthik
second over Karthik.
Second over, four runs,
one wicket. Sorry, one over, four runs
for no loss.
A quick single.
on the picture on your
very good catch.
Wicket number one
J departs.
A very good catch from Amjad.
Wicket number one. Five for one. Second
over in progress.
Attention
everyone. So we are pleased to welcome
Mr. Sanchit Malik the founder of Fascar
to the ground.
Thank you for coming sir.
Man pang the new batcher.
A very good shot uh the wide longoff
region.
Equally well fielded and a brilliant
throw. Just a quick single there. The
score moves on to six.
>> A very good baller. Change the pace.
taking the outside edge. A very good
catch. One more goes down.
Mahendra losing the second wicket.
Hersa Dhves back in the pavilion.
So, six runs at the loss of one wicket.
New batsman is coming in from Mahindra.
Photographer please. Photographer.
Photographer please come. Come this
side.
the bat.
End of two overs, seven runs for two
wickets.
Very good bowling.
Romesh to bowl the third over.
Very good bowling just giving away seven
runs for the last of two wickets.
Prudent have been wonderful in the
bowling.
Oh, that's a quick pun. Very good
delivery. Romesh starts off with another
delivery.
The score is stagnant on seven.
A very good driver. Equally well fielded
in the cover region. They've been very
good in the field.
Mahendra Fu third one in progress.
I think some big hits uh did of the hour
for them
but they're giving away nothing. They've
been excellent bowling.
the selection.
>> A very good shot.
Good running between the wickets. Couple
more added
with this. The score moves on to 10.
Third over in progress. A couple of
deliveries left in this over.
They have been excellent in the field.
more.
Loser
winners.
Another
single
end of three. The score is 10 runs. What
good bowling performance this has been
from Pent. They've been excellent in the
field there. hardly giving away
anything.
A shortened format. Five overs game. An
average score of around 40 45 was the
trend from the morning. Now they just
given away 10 of just three overs.
That's some excellent bowling sir.
That's a sweet
over.
A very good fielding effort. They're
putting their bodies behind. They're
hardly giving away anything.
Excellent stuff from Pent.
Ah
man
come out.
Very good bowling.
15 days.
>> How
12 for two.
Fourth over in progress. One ball. One
deliver left in this over.
Another big fever.
Nothing. Uh, one another brilliant over.
That's been the story of
four overs, 12 runs, two wickets. 12
runs.
Four overs, 12 runs. They're going at a
rate of three per over.
Brilliant bowling.
Pur have been excellent.
Sir.
A good shot.
A rare fumble in the field but very good
throw
is saved there. Two more runs with this.
The score moves to 14.
AL sweeper.
Just a single
15.
Another
quick delivery. Another
Fourth overall in progress.
One more go delivery.
Just a single but the score moves to 16.
Couple of deliveries left in this
innings, sir.
Hardly anything given away.
Oh my god.
Last bowl of the innings.
Just 16 runs on board.
Two more runs with this end and the
rings on 18. What a bowling performances
has been confident. Excellent bowling.
Equally well fielded. They were terrific
on the field. The score is 18.
19 is the target.
Sorry. Sorry.
out.
speech.
Get people over.
a target of 19 runs.
up and running. A changing begins.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hassan Raza.
Ahmed
Sep is the bowler.
A left quickie. Can Mahindra make a
match out of it? Can they put some doubt
deliveries? Can they put the pressure on
Putin who have been excellent on the
field till now?
I think one of the best fielding sides
sir
A very good shot.
Equally well fielded.
The scoreboard opens with a single.
White ball.
This is very costly because this hardly
they've got anything on board to defend.
Mahendra need to cut on the extras. They
got to be very good on the field to make
a match out of it.
I believe
that's the first ball.
The left right combination
the bowlers finding it difficult to find
their mark.
That's the challenge when there are
lefty righty combination
find. It's very difficult to get the
lines right.
The score moves on to six.
On other shot, four more runs in the
same region.
The score moves to 10.
And the first over the score moves to 10
runs.
And our first over the score moves to
10. Required a merry nine runs in four
overs
and
is it cleared? Yes. A big munchy
and the country region.
Helen Waza clears it with ease.
Six movements.
Another minute.
All clear with ease.
With this we end the match. Furant a
dominating victory. This is they've
chased this down in just eight balls.
What a victory this is.
The next match is between Mahendra
versus Plum Stars.
I would request both the team captains
to please uh I would request Mahendra to
please stay there only please report to
the guys from stars captain please uh do
report Mahendra we want him to wait
there only because you will be playing
the next match which is going to start
immediately
it's a three game please take note
The next match is between Mahendra
versus
Prom stars.
So both the captains, please do come for
the toss. We are running short of time.
Please do cooperate with us. It's a
three-0 game.
It's a three game.
I request both the captains to please do
turn up as early as possible with the
rain around. Let's try to push our
matches
to Pa
Mendra
from Stars.
Three overs game.
Mahendra versus from Stars.
So for third match for group B, Mahindra
has won the toss and choose to bowl
first.
[gasps] Plum team your batsman please on
the field.
The next match is between Plum Stars
versus Mahendra. Mahendra winning the
toss selecting to field first. I would
request plum stars both the batters to
please get onto the field organ. Please
do cooperate with the organizers with
the rain around. Uh
try to finish as many matches as
possible. Please do cooperate with us.
Mahendra
Plumstas versus Mahendra.
Post this match we'll be having our next
match which is between Prudent and
Toyota. Yes. The next match after we
ready
both the captains be ready.
Try to push as many matches as possible.
Let's do cooperate with the organizers.
So Mahindra please get onto the field
sir. Please put your set your field.
Mahindra team please set your field
please. So do cooperate with us sir. We
have too many matches today. This match
number eight going on. We have 20.
That's still 12 matches in the day.
After this,
do cooperate with us. Thank you so much.
A three- game, one over of power play.
Take note of both the captains. A three
over game. First over is a mandatory
power play.
This is the third match we are having
for group B.
Losing team will be out of the league.
He starts off with a very good shot onto
the left side for a boundary.
A very good hit.
Four runs.
a missed
four more runs to the Churchill John.
Couple of boundaries to start off with.
Eight runs.
Two. Two balls. Eight runs.
John,
another good hit. Will that be a
boundary? Yes, it is. At boundaries,
very good batting from John.
Three boundaries.
Very good batting.
A shorter format. This is the shortest
format I guess. Three overs.
Somewhere around 40 45 would have been a
very good score. Only 12 on board
in the air.
No, that's over the fielders. Couple
more runs.
14.
One.
That's the fourth in the over.
He's making a marry in this over. John
18 on board.
Four more runs.
Brilliant boundary. 22 of the over.
That's a very costly over.
in the air. Oh, he puts this down.
That was a chance. That's goes down
begging.
2 26 over number two
steps out for a biggie. Will that be
taken? No, it is a very good try. But
that's four more runs. But does the
score go to 30?
Another big hit. Another ball. The score
goes to 34.
End of two overs, 35 runs.
third in progress. The score 35.
This is all like a a highscoring game.
A slow delivery
hipped onto the leg stump.
A very good shot
last all the way to the boundary. Four
runs.
Score moves to 41. Third over in
progress.
As I said you three match somewhere
around 40 to 45 would have been a very
good score. You all likely to reach 50
here.
in the air. Will this travel all the
way? Yes. No.
Oh, that's a good save. Couple of runs.
43.
Last three deliveries,
43 runs.
end of three overs 46 runs a target of
47.
Plum stars have battered really well
after loss in their first match. They've
come back really strong here. 46 cents.
Would like to request Prudent team
captain and Toyota team captain for the
next match toss.
Please both the do both the captains.
Toyota team captain please come near the
stage.
I will request both the captains to
please come for the toss.
MDH Kings. It's a captain or one of the
player
Mahindra team batsman. Yeah.
The next group I would request ICICL on
board MDH
locked the three teams please do add
your players on cricket none of the
players have been added so we are
telling in PR so for the fourth match
Toyota has won the toss and opted to
bowl first.
So I would request to please take a note
MDH lock
ICIC Lombard all three teams none of
your players have been added on the
crickets.
So, please make sure that your players
have been added on the app.
Hey.
batsman.
42 runs required in 14 deliveries.
This is what happens. Dominating
betting.
This is what the confidence you get
while bowling.
Losing bit by bit. Mahindra.
542.
Over 742 bind. And the first over team
score is 742
by the first team score is 742. New
waller is a ter
towards the offside
production it
will be a second run
I mean plum stars right now confidence
they've got that confidence so
38 in 11 walls
One quick single
37 runs in 10 goals.
Quick single yet again.
They wouldn't mind any singles right
now.
There was a chance for some stump. Low
ball signal
[screaming]
and no
free hit. Oh,
out
white.
to the select side.
Okay.
B of two overs. Team score is 17 for
two.
30 runs required in six balls.
Offside.
Good delivery again.
And the 30 runs in five balls. Every
ball you need a six to get through this.
And quick single
sharp plum star
and four deliveries. You need 29 runs.
If you ball four, four legally
deliveries, you are through.
Plum stars are just quite confident
throughout this match.
Team Toyota and Prudent, be ready for
your next match. Team Toyota and
Prudent,
it will be a four overs match.
No overthrows, no drama.
Straight away marching towards the
victory. 28 runs required in three
deliveries.
Toyota team be ready for your next
match. It will be a four overs match.
Four overs. Four overs match.
Quick single
and that completes
the victory for Plum Stars.
Plum stars has won the match.
Hard love for Mahindra.
wooden team, your batsman, please.
21.
Match four, group B. Whoever will win
the match will straightly qualify to
quarterfinals.
A pleasant weather to start with.
It is team Toyota again.
Team Toyota versus
Prudent.
Toyota has won the toss and they have
opted to field first.
It's all going good right now.
Unfortunately down easy would have been
taken.
Chal.
towards the left side for a lefthander.
Just a quick single
Back
hand
forward.
Excellent.
down the leg side.
Last ball of the delivery.
First team score is 740.
13.
Beautiful. Sixer.
Hassan Raza.
on the sixerendo
fielder straight underneath it without
any mistake. Wicked.
We have to wait and watch for the umpire
signal.
No ball signal.
The luck favor the matchman this time.
Fred and team has just been lucky with
us.
Free it.
Ega free hit.
We have to wait and watch what's going
to happen.
towards that plumbing. Beautiful screen.
1.2 over. It's already 21 for zero. Very
costly. Very costly right at this
moment.
He's targeted the baller properly. And
yet another single. It's only three
deliveries and 15 runs have come.
Okay. White signal again. Okay.
waiting for a wicket to battle bita l is
favoring it's all going towards prudent
First
was just one run but no man's And
three fielders were about to collide for
the ball, but
still
luck has kept its way towards Prudent.
Quick single.
towards the left side. Yet again, a
single wing concurred.
Two hours of two hours. Team score is 27
for
My end of two team score as 2740.
Last two hours remaining. It's a four
match.
S Ahmed going for nine runs
again
in the air. Should be comfortably two.
Should be comfortably to I mean why is
that lag there? I don't understand
completely.
Wonderful.
Garanti
fielder coming underneath and without
any mistake that's taken. Finally they
bring the breakthrough
2.3 over 341.
Excellent. Excellent. Beautiful. Well
fielded. But unfortunately for that
ball taking that different direction.
Oh,
if that would have been taken.
Excellent. But still the fielder beat
four of that's beautiful fielding
actually.
Excellent. Excellent.
Galendo and that should be out of the
ropes.
Sixer
and no ball been given. No ball been
given. Okay, that's will be for it
again.
Still a ball to spare. They're already
39 for one.
Galantendo
M beautiful sixer
reigning sixes
beautiful brilliant team they have that
caliber to hit sixes
I mean everybody Hassan Raza Sad Ranjit
everybody have hit sixes Beautiful
of three over team score as 45 for one.
Galwan Tachendo without making any
mistake. This time the fielder takes it.
The fine left fielder.
Saud has to depart now.
First ball bowled and he has to depart.
Mangjinat is the bowler.
Offside.
Extra run will be given.
will be a quick single
White signal from the umpire.
Last four deliveries of the innings and
they've already crossed 48.
On the opposite end there is a problem
and it has Oh not out signal from the
umpire. The throw wasn't much quick
unfortunately.
White signal from the umpire.
Excellent.
It's just raining sixes. Beautiful. In
the last over. This is third sixer for
Ranjett. And they've crossed 50.
Four hours match and they've crossed 50.
Beautiful.
Straightly quick single.
So the white is not given over here.
Okay.
That completes
four 56 for two. 57 will be the target
for
team Toyota.
team and your best friend.
We are ready for the second innings of
this match.
Winner will qualify for the
quarterfinals.
We are ready for the second innings.
On the field
That's a found way. That's a very good
start from
chasing a big target of 57 runs and four
overs.
Oh, that's a wicket.
A required rate
which is very high. So they had to go
for the first ball.
But this is the first wicket goes down.
Sa
Masc team.
Hello. In the air.
Oh, that was almost taken off the
rebound.
Requesting the Pascar team to please
assemble near the podium.
Hello.
Requesting the PAS team to please
assemble in front of the podium.
Try for
just six of this over.
And our first over the score is eight
runs.
Salem just giving away eight runs and
being up on a vital wicket. And our
first ever score was eight
required 49 in three
16.33 per hour.
Well, hold
chilari
karthiki crush
extremely well in the first match too.
That's a wicket. Another cutter baller.
Another slow one. He's got all the
tricks in his sleeve.
Another wicket. Caric Raj.
the score is eight.
Another brilliant January.
A required rate close to 18 runs per
Yeah.
Oh, what a This is
a M wicket
in a four over game. A wicket made in
that's gold.
What bowling this is from Karthik Penta.
I think they are the team to beat
currently in this tournament. The
batting is brilliant. They're fielding
like guns and the bowling is extremely
good.
Extraordinary performance. This is
two overs, eight runs and just two
wickets.
49 in 12. That is 24.5 runs per over.
A very good shot.
Another quick single.
Oh, number three in progress. The score
is just nine.
Another
good January. Another delivery.
Third over in the score is just nine.
Required 48
and nine deliveries
with each ball. This is becoming
impossible to chase for to Yato.
Another
good delivery.
It's been dots all the way. Moan Kumar
is yet to
be off the mark. He's already faced six
deliveries, four overs game. A target of
9 for two. Third over in progress.
Another
delivery
end of three overs. The score is just
nine for the loss of two wickets. Six
balls,
48 runs.
End of three overs. The score is nine
for the loss of two. 648.
Three overs.
Nine runs.
Plum stars.
Plum stars captain.
Plum stars captain
be be ready with your team and comfort
us. Yeah, please. Bumpstars captain.
Please be ready. You'll be playing
immediately the next match.
A catch over the waking point region.
Will this be fielded? No. That's a
boundary. That's a very good effort too.
Four runs.
Whe does the score moves to 15.
Three more deliveries left. 42 runs
required.
Mathematically
it's impossible.
That's straight into the hands with this
uh
put into winning this by 34 runs and
qualified to the quarter finale. They're
the first team from this group to get
into the quarterfinal. The next match
from Stars versus Toyota. I request both
the captains to please come for the
toss. It will be a three-le game
captain. Please come for the toss.
Toyota team, sir. Thank you, sir.
So we have our third quarter finalist
that is Prudent Spartans.
Congratulations for Prudenza. The next
match is between Plum Stars
versus Toyota. It's a three- game.
So, Toyota has won the toss and elected
to bat first.
Plum stars team on the field, please.
Toyota team, please send your batsman.
This is the last match for group B.
Next match is between Lockton and MDH.
Please be ready with your team
from Star.
Munda
from SA.
But the first over
that's of the outer edge to the short
fine leg region for a quick single there
over number
over number one going on
from stars versus
the winner of this match
goes into the quarterfinal
three
Quick running. Couple of runs added to
the total.
Is there one more? No. Good backup. JC
number 10.
Five more. 13 runs.
And our first over 14.
That's a very good start for Toyota.
Three overs game. First over 14 runs.
This is a shortened format.
One over 14 runs.
17 17
Over
number 222 for Nolas. Couple of Dways
left in this over.
Shraan Kumar batting on 14.
I want to
End of two overs. The score is 25 for no
loss. Very good start from Toyota.
One more over left. A three over game.
25. Another 10 to 15 runs will
definitely will be a very good score on
this wicket.
Something around 40 is a very good
score.
Next match will be lock versus MDH.
Lock captain, please report to the
stage.
Lock captain,
please come for a toss.
Locked in. Captain, please report.
One ball. One more wild ball
over three. MD on the toes and uh MDH
will be batting first.
That's a low cross onto the next for a
quick single. Over number three, the
final over. The score moves on to 28 for
noas 10 to 12 runs would be a very good
middle on this wicket.
3 hours 40
in the air.
Four more runs. Yes, it is a very good
boundary. With this the score moves to
32. Two
from Huh?
32.
Another big move.
There's a miscommunication from uh two
fielders.
The stance goes down. Two more.
Roman biding on 20.
Another one in the air. Will this fall
short? No, it doesn't. Very good catch
who scored 20 of 10 deliveries.
Cuz the first wicket
34 for one.
Two more deliveries left. 34. Can they
get to 40?
Six more runs sir to get to the score of
40 in three overs. That will be a very
good score this wicket.
Six runs. What a good shot this is.
And his first delivery.
Very good shot.
So
six on the very first ball. With this
the score moves to 40.
In the air.
Another good catcher.
atur taking couple of good catches here
with the score was to 40. I think Toyota
should be a happier side here scoring 40
of three overs a target of 41 in three
overs for prom stars
at the beginning break. It should be the
Toyota on the happier side.
Hello doggage by 81.
umpire. Umpire is going on the field to
check the pitch.
I think we can start both the teams.
Plum your batsman please.
Not going to look.
We are ready for the second innings of
this match. This is the last match for
group B. Winning team will qualify for
quarterfinals.
Check. Check.
Okay.
41 runs required in 18 deliveries.
Good start to the over
in the air. and just left catch.
This will be costly a bit but
considering
right at the start of the innings. Okay.
And there but still
Shashang Shi would have gone.
One bounce over.
34 runs required in 16 deliveries.
just quick enough. They tried all their
best but unfortunately missed by in
was very very close actually.
towards the off side.
Get hit.
31 runs required in 13 deliveries.
Okay. 12 deliveries. Sorry.
31 required in 12.
Almost 15 and over. 15 plus and over.
So you need two week overs.
Will that be possible? That's the
question. Here you go.
over
long ones
will be very crucial. This over will be
very crucial in that sense.
white done. Okay. No wall signal from
the Delhi. That will be no wall free.
Now, now is the chance actually.
Excellent balling.
Beautiful balling. There is no chance
you
even if you hit that
very difficult. Beautiful balling.
But this time over the ropes.
You can still keep the hopes. Plum
starts dug out. Keep cheering. Anything
can happen still.
Revers side they'll go for the second
run probably
it's very clean very clean
good feeling
right signal from the umpire.
again taken as a filler.
Beautiful bowling. Because of this
wonderful bowling, they're marching
towards the win. 23 runs in eight walls.
23 in eight.
They have to go for something big
straightly into the hands of the
fielder.
Unfortunately gone.
The hopes are just due to your writing.
Okay. Hammond
quick single.
Okay, that has a dropper over the ropes.
Four boundary
hopes are alive. 19 runs and six bowls.
Three sixes and you will get tied with
the score.
19 runs and six balls.
First three deliveries again crucial one
boundary or one sixer in the first three
deliveries will add the pressure
straight away.
Beautiful
balling line.
Perfect. There is no chance for the
batsman.
Some miracle has to happen
for plum stars to stay in.
Something has to happen. It's looking
all tough.
towards the offside. One single one will
take the strike.
180 of four walls.
Nonetheless, they need three sixes.
This one is gone in the pressure. The
baller keeps the momentum going.
Excellent.
It's almost done in more.
I think they're almost done.
for next match. Loctton and MDH be ready
with your teams.
Straight away into the hands.
Wickets keep falling.
Marching into the victory. Team Toyota.
boundary.
They'll be okay with that.
14 runs in one delivery.
And team Toyota have entered quarter
finals.
Big round of applause for team Toyota.
Another quarterfinalist we have from
group B.
Hardluck plum.
on the sun. MDH team, your batsmen,
please.
Locked in.
Plum team, please gather near the stage
for a group picture. Would like to
request plum team to gather near the
stage. Anyone
like it?
I don't know.
Plum team, please come for a group
picture.
Thundership.
Hello. Hello sir. Is this a four over
match or five over? Please let us know
sir. This is a five over match. Five
over. Thank you so much.
So we are ready for the first match for
group C between the MDH and lock
starting with the second half of the
day.
Group
MDH versus team lockdown. Oh,
MDH versus Lockdown.
Toss has been won by Lockton and the
Rocket to field.
Okay, MD just won the toss and they'll
be betting first with slight correction.
Sorry for that.
Excellent.
Good delivery to start with.
Excellent delivery. Once again, good
start to the over. Good start to the
first over.
Excellent towards the off side. Just a
single to put in
is the call.
One touch and
one bounce over the row for four.
That will be over the hopes
boundary.
Some good effort,
but wasn't good enough
to save the boundary
once again.
Six.
Beautiful to see that six in the first
over of the match. Excellent.
by the first over team score is 1540.
Good start. Good beginning for MDH.
straight away towards the fieldder just
lost and that will be the boundary.
No luck.
They're just bouncing it
right in the beginning.
Just single please come to the stage.
Photographer.
No ball. No ball. Signal from the
Empire. Reinda.
Freight delivery.
That will be a freight delivery. Now
touch body.
That will not be any boundary, but
they're still charged up.
Excellent. Towards the left side running
over [screaming] and that will be
another boundary.
1.4 over 27 for zero.
Rael beautiful six bowls 20 runs
three fours and one six is batting at a
strike rate of 333
towards the left side. No Mercy 6R
completely dominating it.
Ra has just kept going for it.
Straight towards the fielder. Quick
single.
Two hours 34 4. Wind of course to team
score as 344 for zero.
Just a quick single. Okay. Going for the
second run.
Not given by the umpire.
Quick single.
Quick signal.
Quick single. Yeah.
Excellent.
Beautiful.
Good delivery.
Last ball of the over.
Oh,
filling in the leg and that's a failure
for runs.
The end of three hours team score is
4340. Excellent.
If it goes at the same pace.
3 hours 43 4.
Wide signal from the umpire. Extra run.
Pressure on the baller straight away.
They need a wicket to break the
partnership
towards the left side. Ball just flowing
towards the boundary.
towards the left side. Quick single
right down the leg side.
50 for the team without the loss of the
wicket. The first team to do this
beautiful since morning.
team in the right.
Get delivery
towards your side and that should be
boundary.
Excellent.
Good to come back.
White signal from the Empire.
towards the left side over the ropes
boundary.
640.
Still an over left.
Highest score of the day undoubtedly.
towards the left side.
Just a single.
No signal from the umpire.
Everything getting to the west for team
MDH.
Ra on strike
batting at 39.
Beautiful
delivery to come back. They'll still
have that single
buy by signal from the umpire.
White signal from the Empire.
The first wicket to follow on for this
unfortunately had to go
New batsman Russian. Round of applause
for this beautiful batsman.
Just excellent. He was 17 runs, three
fours.
Just reaching over the hands that has to
fly towards the rain.
Quick single
and going for the second run. Not
interested by
R.
beautiful. Oh,
just another one out.
So,
five overs completed. 69 42 70 runs
target. First team to have this score on
the board. Will that be chased? Why not?
If it can be scored by one team, it can
definitely be chased by other team as
well. Just the courage and talent is
what matters.
a target of 70 runs. What's up?
the sort of over the boundary there. Uh
Panza Nahida
a target of 70 runs.
That's been the highest score of the
tournament.
Another full toss.
Another big one. That's a huge one.
Sixure. A big bounty.
That's the start
lock would have wanted chasing a big
target of 70 runs in five overs. They
start off really well. Four on a six,
two balls, 10 runs.
Another straight hit in the gap. It goes
four more runs.
Brilliant batting. This is
14 already.
Another
ball there.
First over in progress. What a good
batting this is from Nahed.
Oh, that is sensible batting.
After sixes on boundaries,
he takes off with a single
first over in progress. 19 already.
That's the right way to chase this down.
Another
big
and first over. The score is 20.
What a start this is.
and our first over the score is 20 4
over 50 required 12.25 25. So required
rate
for win and the heat.
onto the next down ball. Sloppy bit of
feeling there.
Two more runs.
24.
Finally a dodge ball
required rate 13
couple of balls.
Just four of this over
three daughter deliveries.
Second over in progress. This has been a
comparatively good over.
Oh, what a good this is
just four of the Nova. End of two overs.
Score is 24. Abishek has pulled it back
for his team now after a costly first
over. Just four of this over.
Two overs, 24 runs.
Thank you, sir.
A shock
hit required 46 in 3 hours
in the air.
Oh, he puts down Dolly.
Oh, couple of runs
unnecessary throw leads in another run.
Two more
are required at a 15.33. Thus
quite some runs in over.
tries for a reverse. Uh but uh sloppy
from the keeper there.
Two more runs in the form of Biser.
Four runs in this over
1642.
Big blues lead of the offer lock turn
a couple of deliveries is what the
building team will be requiring now a
decent over will pull them back in the
match now
another full toss
will this go all the way
it doesn't
two more runs Sir,
but this the score moves to 30 3
ball.
31 runs.
Third over in progress.
Four more runs from the bat of Nahid.
He's putting up a shower.
Fourth over in progress. 41 runs.
White ball.
11 balls. 28 I think Nahid
is all important in this st. Will this
go the full monkey? Yes it does.
A boundary four more runs now Provin
joining the action.
10 balls 24
of a match going on here.
10 24
Pro joins the show.
Nahid has been doing all the bulk of the
scoring there. 12 balls, 33 runs. He's
keeping the team in the hand now.
Now another good shot.
Another very good shot. Another
provin joining the action. Now with this
the score moves to 50 for lockton.
Nine balls, 20 runs. The chase is on.
What a good hit. Will this go all the
way? Yes, it does. Oh, provin
show begins.
Eight balls, 14 runs.
Six balls, 13 runs.
Six balls, 13 runs required.
Gloru.
Six more. 13 runs.
Oh, very good shot.
Oh, he's put it down. And that's a big
loss. A cast turning into a boundary
now. Obvious puts this down.
Four runs,
five balls, nine runs.
The catches are being
Oh, is out
sir.
A batsman name. Batsman name.
A white ball.
How costly will this be?
Why would the runner run with that two
seven of three
seven runs three deliveries
a very good feeling just a single two
walls six runs
A live war match. Everybody on their
feet.
Two balls, six runs.
Oh, it's going, going, going. No, it
doesn't.
Two runs,
one ball, four runs.
One more for
one more for runs.
One ball for runance.
One ball for
one ball for runs.
Yes. Uh
caught behind.
We get down.
MDH won this by three runs. One on
nailbiter. This was the first of the day
like this. A highest scoring game and
nailbiter. Everything for the crowd this
match. MDH finally winning this.
So What was that?
Don't know.
Star
match.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Check. So, we are starting with our
first match for ICIA Lombard. Everyone
big round of applause.
It's ICA Lombard versus E-made Life.
First ball starting with a boundary.
Excellent boundary to start with.
No ball as well. Free hit for this
delivery
and that is left towards your side.
Unfortunately
after the two fours we can't expect and
it was there for the chance.
Unfortunately, catch
I don't
name Shila.
and towards
a boundary. Hey,
wonderful.
Yeah, runs.
The end of team score is 22.
Straightly into the dipping into the
wickets.
Excellent.
Welcome back. But that's given wide.
Long on the field.
Just a single
2.2 over 24 for run.
No man's land.
Good feeling. Good feeling. Good
feeling. And so beautifully.
Very mindfulness of that wicket keeper.
Excellent.
Andatch
wicket keeper.
Three overs completed. 2742
Baller Chandra Kant
three overs 27 for2
one bounce towards the fielder
they have a good fielder over there no
doubt on that
Thunder.
Excellent rolling.
Beautiful length. Almost
excellent though. Shot was so good. And
yet again protection towards the long
run. Sorry, long off. So haggi that will
be restricted to single
towards the side. Shot third man comes
into action.
Just a single
select side. One quick single going for
the double. Kit.
That was an easy last run out
was very easy for that wicket keeper.
You got to give that credit to the
wicket keeper for collecting ball so
beautifully.
Wicket keeper Rahul
Beautiful
throw from Rada and collected by the
wicket keeper Rahul.
You better
beautiful delivery. That's a beautiful
delivery. Hola come back. No doubt on
that.
Four overs 3143 by end of four over team
score is 3143.
No doubt on that final over
need some 15 runs at least
just to have a challenging score.
One quick single.
Okay. No run for that.
Excellent. Wicked keeper is very very
shakali. Wicked keeper.
You miss by an inch. I always ready to
hit.
Beautiful
towards the long off. The fielder is
good again.
I wonder why the wicket keeper is not
wearing the jersey.
calories burn
without any mistake. Take that
beautifully.
One bowler cotton easily.
Rajan has to depart.
Okay,
the innings has ended.
Target is 34.
Opposition
Life
target.
A target of 34 runs. 30 balls. 34 runs.
Very good bowling from uh
the midlife start their proceedings. The
first ball Jari
ICICI versus a midlife
A short ball pulled away to the wen
square leg region for a boundary. Four
answ
white bowler with this. The score moves
on to five.
29 required. A low scoring of fire.
ICI has to cut down the number of extras
to make a match of this.
Another
big h onto the wicket mid wicket region.
Just a single but the score moves on to
six.
A short ball in the air. Oh, that's a
dolly. First wicket goes down.
Shaki back into the pavilion.
So may all the field names are the one
who took the catch.
Next batsman,
the new Barsel Ahmed.
A short ball that's a very good effort
the short fine leg region but the ball
reaches the fence four runs end of first
over the score moves to 10 for the loss
of one wicket
required 24 in 24
I important boundary now a reported of
six per 24 24
a single.
The score moves on to 11.
11.
Second over in progress.
Why bowl? One more extra.
This is being very costly for ICICI.
The score moves on to 12 are required at
22 and 23.
Good feeling.
Second over in progress. 13 for one.
A very good charter
full Answer.
The next match sir is between is for
lock. Lock captain please do be ready.
Request captain from lockton to be ready
for the tasks. Sir, we'll start
immediately after this match.
Oh, what a good comeback. This is
disturb this time, sir.
It has cleaned him up completely. 17 for
two
required 17 of 20.
Gurish picks up Oh my god.
Batter name please.
Very good fielding
S.
Great stop. Save three runs for the team
there.
Right.
End of two overs. The score is 18 for
the loss of two wickets
required. 16 from 18.
18. I require 16
A sloppy bit of feeling there but he
saved it.
Two more runs extra added. That's purin
with this. The score moves to 21 runs.
The score goes to 22 by 12 and 16.
Oh, that's a quick single. Very good
running between the wickets. 24
A very good shot.
One more run.
End of the overs. The score is 26 runs.
Required eight.
A very good shot. Four more runs.
With this the score moves to 30.
Required four of 11 balls.
Em life making is easy.
Swing on a miss.
Oh, what a good try. That is a very
valiant effort.
Another
single
a very good shot with this boundary at
mid life. Uh
win this match
win by eight wickets.
The next match
locked in captain and ICI. I would
request both the captains to please come
for the toss. We are running short of
time. Please do cooperate with us.
Lockton
versus
ICICI. The next match,
a three overs match. Lockton versus
ICICI.
IC Lombard versus Lton.
I see I see Lombard.
The next match is between
Lton versus I say Lombard.
Come on, sir.
Come on guys.
Come on and show
Hendu
said delivery.
So Alpa we have to be aware lockown team
one of the highest scoring team one of
the again they were short by just three
four runs
but they are the highscoring team
batting
just a single
Got one touch and I
wonder towards the fielder.
I see.
Last time they lost.
Beautiful. That's a good delivery
again. I see I see Lombard have to fight
back here
in the air.
has to come towards the midon. Just a
single run conceded.
This will be three overs match.
Bind of one over team score is 440.
By end of first over team score is 440.
Pretty good over long way to go. Two
more overs. Well restricted first over.
This over will be crucial.
in the air again towards the long. Long
cannot hold that over the mounted rope.
Sixer
sun slowly dimming down and right moment
for the batsman to get the sixer.
Just a quick single
and they'll take that extra run.
Just a bit of a misfield and a fumble
over there.
just over and again lost that catch
unfortunately.
Just a quick single again
and the batsman was interested for the
double. did not get the cooperation from
the opposite departmentsman.
towards the off side.
Fielder has to chase for it.
Come around the field taking the double
and he takes another extra run and it's
a direct hit and it's taken.
It's time to celebrate for ICIC Lombard
that wasn't required
and they have a short run as well.
You ran for three. You got one run and
one wicket.
Unfortunately,
Just single and again chances of run out
are not interested at that end. Short of
runs
have to be mindful on this. If you don't
reach the squeeze properly while
running, you will be short of runs and
it's a waste of energy
and again you will miss the strike.
in the air and it's taken ICIC Lombard
again something to celebrate for them.
It's a wicket 2.1 over 16 for two
again in the air. That fielder has to
run for it and cannot reach it over
there. That will be a boundary.
Four runs added.
This will be the last over and they have
to get that maximum possible. 2.2 Two
overs. 24
Excellent. Good delivery.
Wide signal from the umpire.
Excellent. Straightly kissing the
wickets.
Quick single,
Right.
Just a quick single, one run added. That
will be the end of the innings. 23 24
will be the target.
A target of 24.
three overs match. After this match, the
next match is between uh M8 life
versus MDH. I would request both the
captains to please uh come for the toss.
MDH emid life.
I would request both the captains to
please come for the tasks.
A target of
24.
Three over 24. A rate of eight runs per
over.
Music offer.
The start of the proceedings uh with a
quad single
a target of uh
a target of 24 runs. Three overs,
24 runs.
A shortest delivery.
Pull it onto the long leg region for a
boundary.
Sunny
Sunny watch boss
bossing with a boundary
for runs.
Oh, one more good shot.
Another boundary.
Four more answer.
Just the way his name says boss in here.
The score moves to nine.
Quick single turn runs.
out. That's a very good stumping white
ball. But uh a brilliant keeping
a wicket down.
A quick stumping. A lightning stumping
there.
A don hand work there
from the wicket keepa
stumbling like a don
Butter Gish
10 runs.
And the first over the score is 11 runs.
Sorry, one more. One more to go.
Oh, another good shot.
Oh, that's a big one.
Six runs. A very good shot.
Fabulous. Sick.
18.
The score moves to 18 for the loss of
one wicket.
Six runs required.
Oh, let's put it down.
Two more runs.
Four required. 11 BS.
Good run between the wickets.
three required.
10 ball runs. I see ICI Lombard
just a heat away.
That's the end of the match. IC Lombard
win this with ease.
Next match, E-midlife versus MDH.
Sir, can you please confirm how many
hours this match will do for?
Okay, four of us.
Okay, this will be 4 hours match. MDH
versus
beautiful IMD life.
Power play will be for 1 hour. Match
will be totally for 4 hours.
Here we go. MDH versus midlife.
Here
we go.
Towards your side.
Welcome boundary.
Destructive
partners.
Short
score
has to depart.
just taking the double
chance of run out.
Excellent.
Towards your side. Just a single
towards the upside in the gap and that
has to keep going
and around.
towards the offside. The fielder has to
chest for it and that's a way
everything will be loud by MDH team and
they're cheering for it.
Two hours 18 for one.
That is racing towards the boundary.
That well restricted outfield.
Just a single
back apart
going for that second and comfortably
taken.
You got to take risk with a wicket
keeper always.
Just a quick single.
Is that okay
towards the back side
racing and just stuck with the
What a nice shot though.
And unfortunately I'll catch it.
Just a single
Three over 25 41.
More over
Wide signal
filters. goes
straightly towards the fielder. That
will just be a single run.
He who scored 70 is now getting stuck
within 30.
They're thinking for the double. And
they missed it with an overthrow. And
You want to check chances. This is a
four over game and this is the last over
Just a quick single.
Lights are on.
It's just getting dim and lights on.
Totally a perfect way to energize the
evening.
Let's
just cut that and gets that single.
Four overs completed. 3242
33 is the target. The team who gave 70
has now dropped down to 33.
That's cricket and that's a position for
you.
on the set off the innings with a quick
single
chasing a target of 33 runs.
Em life
First over in progress. The score is
three with a loss. A target of 33.
A pull to the cricket region. One more
run.
The winner of this match qualifies to
the quarterfinal stage.
The loser of this match is going to play
ICI Lombard in the next match.
White ball.
The score moves to five.
overs match.
8 and a half runs per over.
Tap and run. put single
score moves on to six.
Another
single and the first over the score is
71.
Second over in pro score is eight for no
loss required 25 and 17.
in the air.
Will that be it? Yes. A second in form
of overthrow. The score moves on to 10
runs.
in the air.
Couple of drivers left. It is over. The
score moves on to 12 for no loss.
Required 21 14
Another
single
and after two overs the score moves on
to 14.
Required 19 in 12 balls a rate of 9.5
per over.
MDH will be the happier side. At the end
of two hours, they've just given away 14
require 19 and 12 deliveries
in the air. [screaming] Yes.
Shaker
setting under it and taking a very good
catch. But this the first wicket goes
down.
The next batter Ahmed
11 balls 19 runs.
The rate moves up to 10 over.
Another single.
White ball.
The score goes on to 17. Eight ball. 16
runs. 12.
Another white ball. Extras adding up.
Seven balls, 13 runs.
A lot of white ball.
Seven balls, 12 runs.
Yo yo
another single
six balls 11 runs.
Another entertainment.
Six balls 11 runs.
It is the same equation in the previous
match too.
MDH have following the pattern. Now it
was the same equation. Six balls 11.
They defended it in the first match.
Let's wait and watch. Six balls,
11 runs.
Will it
Oh,
So totally three three wides in this
over. The pattern is wicket single dot
another single couple of whites two runs
a wide and a single.
Six balls 11 runs. Same equation of the
previous match.
Can MDH again defend this?
Six balls, 11 runs.
six balls,
11 runs.
Six balls, 11 runs.
There's the same pattern in the previous
match too. Six balls in the first ball
was couple of runs.
Here now it is the same. Five balls,
nine runs.
MDH
Single,
four balls, eight runs. A hit required
for Ed Mid life.
Mid life definitely need a big bang in
this over. Likewise, couple of daughter
deliveries will seal the game for MDHA.
back to the ball over
to the long off region. Another single
Same equation as the previous match.
Three balls, seven runs.
Oh, that's a run out.
Two balls.
Same same previous match. It was a run
out. It was the same pattern. Exactly
the same over has been repeating here.
It was a run out for the second run.
Exactly the same way it's happening.
Three success.
Oh, dotted delivery.
Now it's come down to one ball, six
runs. In the previous match, it was one
ball, four runs. Now it was one ball,
six runs. Two more runs added for this
match.
One ball, six runs. Ahmed on strike
in the air.
Oh, that was a shot of the fielder
there. With this, MDH
qualifies to the quarterfinals.
The next match is between ICIC Lumbard
versus
a Med Life. It will be a three game. I
request the two captains to please come
for the toss.
Em life versus ICI Lombard.
So MDH with this victory qualify for
this quarterfinal stage.
It is Ed Midlife versus ICICI Lombard.
Winner will be qualified for the
quarterfinals.
Loser will end their journey in the
tournament.
Just a quick single
and again
free signal. No ball.
first ball ring the world for ICIC
Lombard team.
It will be a fruitful for now. Can they
make it successful?
in the air straightly to the fielder but
unfortunately dropped it. Not any costly
because this was a free delivery.
Still grabs the two runs
towards the side. Note any runs
towards select side
Run, run
towards the off side. Not any runs over
there.
in the air. [screaming]
Fielder underneath but couldn't get that
far away. Quickly gets the two runs.
Going for the third run now.
There is only opportunity for the fourth
run.
probably son cheering the father for
that.
Get them ready to come back.
End of an over wind of first over team
score is 840.
towards the left side.
Backward square leg. Almost.
Just a single to grab
towards the outside. Tough to that and
that should be a boundary.
Beautiful welcome boundary for the team.
in the air.
Nobody to grab that catch.
1.31340
towards the left side. Lifted well and
fielded well as well. Quickly grabs the
two runs.
towards the upside
went well and that should be the
boundary for [screaming]
beautiful boundaries for ICICI lumbar
team.
towards side straightly to the fieldder.
He was well stuck there and takes that
comfortably.
Ratsman has to depart for that beautiful
catch in the end.
Sunny Badwash. Sheep.
Wind of two team score is 19 for one.
Wind of two over team score is 19 for
one. Last in action.
towards left side that cannot be grabbed
and that is launching ball to the
boundary.
Boundary beautiful ball to start with
and the perfect result for ICIC Lumbar
team.
No run. That's no run.
towards York side. Quick single
in the air
and well stuck from the fielder and
there is a chance. Okay,
well backup provided. Good. Very good
backup provided from the field over
there. There's 2.4 overs.
make single
Last ball in action.
Well, that's racing towards the
boundary, but you have that field over
there. Keep running until the ball
comes.
Then 30 341 3 over 341 31 is the target.
Achasing a target of 31 three overs a
required rate of 10.33. Three.
starts off with a single
301 on 10.33 per hour.
Start off with a single
The first wicket is down.
Sunny
picks up the first wicket.
The winner of this match qualifies
to the quarterfinal stage. A white ball.
First over, two runs, one wicket.
The score goes on to three,
sir. Sir, thank you.
4 for one,
27 in 14. Close to 12 runs per over.
Good ball
in the air.
Oh, that's over the fieldder head. A
valiant effort but uh that's a boundary.
A very good try from the long fielder
and our first over the score moves on to
eight.
11.5 per over
12 balls of 23 runs.
One over eight runs.
Say
commit.
One white baller.
Score moves on to 10.
Nine boards, 21 runs.
I see I see I Lambard in the driver's
seat.
Another big
edge. A very good piece of fielding
there. Just a single. Eight balls, 20
runs.
M slightly favoring uh the fielding side
here.
Eight balls, 20 runs. I think uh
the require
going up towards the north side.
Eight runs. Eight boys. 20 runs.
Another
extra. The runs are coming only form of
singles and extras
which won't help Emmed life.
19 in8
Slight hit.
Another single
13.
That's an ed
behind. End of two overs.
13 for two.
Six balls, 18 runs. Now it is becoming
much much much difficult for Emid life.
The winner of this match into the
quarterfinals.
The loser out of the tournament.
Six balls, 18 runs. I think uh that's a
very big score under lights.
Oh, that's a great finally something to
cheer about
life boundary.
Five balls, 14 runs.
Five balls, 14 runs. Finally a boundary.
A good to the wide off. Long gone. Will
that be a couple of runs?
Out just a run.
So with this four balls, 13 runs
required. But the good thing is Ahmed is
still on strike. The next match is
between Yan and Nova. I would request
both the team captains to please come
for the toss.
Nova, the last group, the last five
matches left for the day.
Yan versus Nova.
Hello. Hello. The toss is already done.
A straight
>> a direct.
Oh, that's given an extra run.
Two more. Three balls, 11 runs.
Three balls, 11 runs.
Another
[screaming]
one out.
Sensible thinking from the wicket
keeper.
Two balls, 10 runs.
Two balls.
10 runs.
Two goals, 10 runs.
two hits. Will that be possible?
No, it doesn't. Uh
just a couple of runs. Uh
one ball, eight runs. Legal delivery is
going to seal this for them.
One ball, eight runs.
A lot with this ICI Lombard into the
quarterfinals.
After losing the first match, they go on
to win all the matches and [gasps] they
to the quarterfinals from group C.
Nova, please I request the players to
get on after if the toss is done. I
would request the both the players to
get on to the field.